# banking-website

* access the website on this link: https://dexterarmy.github.io/banking-website/
* this is a website i made to practise javascript, some advanced DOM manipulation concepts, some advanced browser APIs.
* this website contains the following features :
   1. Modal window: to implement this i used addEventListener API. Click and keydown event. Added and removed the classes from the element to hide and show the modal window
   2. Smooth Scrolling: In the starting i used getBoundingClientRect() api to get the coordinates and position of the element with respect to viewport, window.pageYOffset to get the coordinates of how much the documents has been scrolled with respect to the viewable area and scrollTo() function to scroll to the targeted element by using getBoundingCLientRect() and pageYOffset property. But now there is a new function element.ScrollIntoView() by which you can directly scroll to the targetted element without providing ay coordinates, we can also provide smooth scrolling option in the options object so that the browser will scroll smoothly to that element.
   3. Page navigation : used event delegation in this and again the scrollIntoView() function to navigate smoothly to the element.
   4. Tabbed component : in this also i used event delegation. Used closest() and querySelector() methods to select the parent and child elements. Added and removed the classes to make the element as tabbed element. Finally used the data attribute property which is a special attribute property which helps us connect the htmla and javascript code and manipulate the html elements through javascript.
   5. Menu fade animation: implemented this by passing arguments into the event handler functions with the help of bind() function. Changed the opacity of the element with javascript to make the element fade. Used mouseover and mouseout event. And again used closest() and querySelectorAll() to find the sibling elements and implementing fade animation to all of them with event delegation.
   6. Sticky navigation: used the very special IntersectionObserver() API, it observes the targeted element against a specific element or the root(viewport) and when intersection happens at the threshold specified by us it performs some actions specified by us in a function. Used getBoundingCLientRect() to get the height of the element. Then added and removed the classes to add sticky feature
   7. Section revealing: used IntersectionObserver() API to observe and unobserve the target element. Then using IntersectionObserverEntry object to find out isIntersecting and target property of entry so as to add and remove classes to reveal them.
   8. Lazy loading of images: used IntersectionObserver() API. Used data attribute. Listened to the load event for the image. Again using target property to find out the entry object involved. 
   9. SLiders: used tranform, translateX and overflow style property in javascript for sliding feature. Used keydown event for arrow based sliding. Used click event on dots and data attribute for dots based sliding. Also used inserAdjacentHTML() for making dots for the number of slides there are. 
   
